- Oh, crap, my paper
on white pants is due tomorrow.
I still haven't done
any research.
All right, why...
"d-don't you watch porn?"
Oh, why don't
I watch porn?
[zipper opens]
[chuckles]
♪ Porn, porn,
porn, porn, porn ♪
♪ Porn, p-porn, p-porn,
tissue ♪
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
- I don't know.
I mean, I guess it's just
another nursing home
I can't go back to.
- Dude, your spontaneous boners
are really becoming a problem.
- Uh, agree to disagree.
- Yo, mmm, pass me
another stack of Gary's mail.
- Guys, you're never
gonna believe what I just saw!
- Sasquatch.
- Boobies.
- No, I was over at Gary's house
peeking in his windows.
- Right.
- Uh-huh.
- And that son of a bitch
is sick as a dog.
- Oh, good.
- That bozo can suck it.
- No, not good.
You know these delicious
baby back ribs?
Well, I stole them
out of Gary's smoker.
- What?
That son of a bitch's germs
are all over
these delicious ribs?
- That son of a bitch is trying
to get us all sick.
- Son of a bitch.
- No, no, no, I can't get sick.
You know I've got
that thing this week.
- Of course I know that.
I'm the one who booked
the appointment.
- Whoa, wait a second, guys.
You know how I'm deep
into super-couponing?
- We're aware.
- So stupid.
- Well...
- Holy shit!
- So awesome!
- I know, right?
With all my coupons,
the store basically paid me
seven cents a bottle
to take all
this cough syrup home.
- Take that, Gary.
So much for your plan
to get us all sick.
- So, uh, how much cough syrup
you think we need
to get all this Gary
out of our bodies.
- I don't know.
This stuff is supposed to be
pretty strong.
- Guys, we should probably
play it safe.
- Yeah, smart.
- So, one bottle each?
- That sounds right.
[all chugging]
[glass shattering]
- You know, I did eat
a shit-ton of those ribs.
- As did I.
- Right, one more bottle, then?
- Yeah, that should
do the trick.
[all chugging,
glass shattering]
- You know,
now that I think about it,
I spent over an hour pressed up
against Gary's window.
I was probably exposed
to a lot of Gary germs.
- Holy shit, we've been
touching his mail all afternoon!
- Okay, one last bottle,
just to be on the safe side.
- Down the hatch.
[all chugging]
- If I can be
brutally honest,
I don't hate the way
this stuff tastes over here.
- Yeah, it's all grapy
and delicious.
- Mmm, and I'm
gonna need something
to wash these ribs down.
- You know what?
Let me get some cups, some ice.
We'll come back down here,
crack open a few more bottles,
and plan our ultimate revenge
on Gary
like civilized people.
- I second that plan.
- Agreed. Mmm.
- Oh, it's times like this
I wish Barbara was still around
to make me a bowl
of warm chicken soup.
Nah, she'd probably
just yell at me.
[knock at door]
- Doorbell!
- Oh, who could that be?
Guys?
- [grunts] Disguises.
- Hi, you're gross.
- Dana, Andy, Matt,
what's going on?
- It's us you jerk.
[screaming]
- Just your classic
all the cough syrup
'cause I've got an appointment
to get my hairs cut
prank revenge.
- [moaning]
- Suck it, Gary.
[vomits]
[all panting, grunt]
[tires squeal]
- [screams]
- [yelling]
[car horn blaring]
[cell phone beeps]
[line trilling]
- 911,
what's your emergency?
- Hey, Wanda,
it's me again.
- Oh, hey, Gary.
Do the guys need help?
- Yeah, better send
an ambulance...
and the fire department too.
- ♪ Suck it, Gary ♪
- Oh, God, I'm so sick.
I feel like Lil' Sandy
at the Build-a-Bear Workshop.
I'm stuffed.
I'm all--I'm all stuffed up.
Anybody?
Roy?
Ugh. I shouldn't have come
into work today.
[telephone ringing]
Hello, hello, SickTank--
I mean TripTank.
- Hey, man.
I'm just a radical dude
with a fresh attitude.
I don't play
by anybody's rules.
Why don't I come down there?
We could pop some grinds
on our skateboards.
- Ugh, I don't know.
I'm pretty sick.
- We'll just turn our caps
around backwards 'cause--
[door opens]
Mom! Shut the door!
I'm on the phone!
Told you a million times!
Sorry about that, man.
- Ugh, no problem.
- Look, home-skillet,
why don't we go do
some graffitis
down at the youth center?
And then tonight maybe
we can wang-chung at the--
[door opens]
Get grandma out of here!
Everybody out of the bathroom!
I got to split,
but I'll catch you down low
on the flip-flop.
[receiver clatters]
- I'm dying.
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
[lounge music]
[cheers and applause]
- All right, my next guest
just released a new album,
"Emoji Hearts"
Please welcome
the very talented
Amber Twinklez.
[applause]
So, Amber,
how does it feel
to have the number-one single
in America?
- It's crazy, y'all.
A few years ago,
I came to this town with nothing
but a promise ring
and a dream.
Now I'm about to go
on a 20-city tour.
I just feel
so doggone blessed.
all: Aww.
- Well, I'm sure
that seeing your perform live
will make a lot of children
around the country
very happy.
- Yeah, well, my music
isn't just for, like, little
kids or whatever.
Hail Satan.
- Huh.
Well, I can attest to that.
I, uh, sometimes catch myself
singing your hits in the shower.
♪ Emoji hearts
flying at me like darts ♪
[laughter]
I'm not very good.
- No, my songs are not
for humans.
They are for pansexual,
robot dog-men
from the year 40,000 A.D.
- Woof, woof.
- That's really artistic.
It seems like you're growing up
before our very eyes, Amber.
- That's just it.
When you're a celebrity,
people don't want you
to change.
I love my fans,
but I need the freedom
to discover
who I really am.
[roaring]
And if that means
reinventing myself,
I just hope people
won't hate me for that.
- That's great.
That's so great.
Is there any--
anything else?
Well, um, thank you for coming
on the--the program, Amber?
- [male voice] Oh, no,
thank you for having me.
You're a real mensch.
And everyone, please,
but the album.
My grandkids,
they love it,
and I think you will too.
- Amber Twinklez, everyone.
- [vomiting]
Sorry.
I have a thing.
[cheers and applause]
[fly buzzing]
[buzzing stops]
- That'll teach you to--
God damn it.
[fly buzzing]
[buzzing stops]
That'll teach you--
Ah, son of a bitch.
[fly buzzing]
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Whoa, Steve, what the hell
happened to you, man?
You look like
a steaming pile of dog shit.
- Roy, is that you?
Come closer, I can barely
make out your shape.
- I think you're sick, man.
You shouldn't have come in
to work today.
- I feel all kinds of weird,
like I'm a figment
of someone else's imagination,
a construct that only exists
to answer these phones
and verbally joust
with you.
- Damn, son,
you are sick.
Don't worry, though.
Old Roy's got you covered.
Now, where is it?
Let me see.
Aha.
Here we go.
It's my own small-batch
homemade wellness elixir.
I call it Roy-batussin.
This shit will make you
right as rain, man.
- So what is it, like,
holistic herbs and stuff?
- Nah, man,
none of that hippie shit.
The active ingredient
is petroleum.
- And it works?
- Down the hatch.
- [chugging]
[gasps]
Tastes like bananas?
- That's the banana
Now & Later, man.
I put it in there
to cover up the embalming fluid.
[jazzy music]
- God, it smells
like a swamp in here.
Another full C-bag?
Ugh.
This is the third one today.
Girl, they don't
pay you enough.
- [moaning]
- What the hell was that?
- Oh, my God.
Dr. Schwartz,
come quick!
The Codeine Three
are waking up from their comas.
- [moaning]
- It's okay, it's okay.
Take your time.
I'm here.
What are you trying to say?
- Suuuc. Iiiit.
- Did you just say, "Suck it"?
- Suck it!
- Suck it! Suck it!
all: [chanting]
Suck it! Suck it! Suck it!
- Suck it, Gary!
- Yes, they're okay.
My guys are okay.
- Sounds like they're gonna be
all right.
- I'm gonna be
all right, too,
now that you're giving me
one of your kidneys.
- Wait. I thought I was getting
- ♪ Suck it, Gary ♪
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
[traditional Japanese music]
- Hmm.
[camera shutter clicking]
- Going to send this one
to ninjabuddy08.
Slide up in that bitch DMs
like haha.
You know you like it.
And look at the size of--
[clatter]
[clears throat]
both: Sir.
- Yes.
Has the target
been spotted?
- Yes, sir,
the mob boss Franky Fingerstink
and his entourage meeting in
The Tea Bagger fine china shop.
- Clearly a front
for their true hideout.
- This is to be done
in the true ninja way--
quickly, discreetly,
and, above all else, silently.
Send the "dispatchment" team
in now.
- Uh, sir, there is already
an assassin on the scene.
- Yeah, we, uh, told him
we had it,
but he kind of insisted.
- Yeah, uh, in a rather
loud manner.
- Oh, Lord, no.
- All right, all right.
This meeting will come to order.
First order of business--
anybody caught posting selfies
on the organized life
in crime style Web page
will be immediately shot
in the face.
[click, people grumbling]
- Wha--what the hell?
What the hell just happened?
- I bet you spaghetti-slurping
mother[bleep] wondering
what the hell
just happened, huh?
- Well, yeah,
which would explain
why I just asked,
"What the hell just happened?"
- You're asking yourselves
"Where did the lights go?"
"Why am I suddenly
shrouded in darkness
being tormented
by the angel of death?"
Why?
- Oh, shit.
Hey, while that guy was yelling,
I found the light switch.
[people murmuring]
- Right, now, where was I?
Oh, yeah--
tormented by the angel of death,
waiting in darkness
to be slain by the greatest--
God damn it.
- Hey, I got the sandwiches.
You guys sitting around
in the dark for?
- Holy--
- Your time in near!
All you bitches will taste
my cold mother[bleep] steel!
- Why's he yelling?
I thought ninjas were
supposed to be, like, quiet
and stealthy and shit.
- Yeah, I was just thinking
the same thing.
And why is he wearing
fluorescent colors?
You can see this guy coming
a mile away.
- Yeah, not very stealthy
at all.
Pretty shitty
as far as ninjas go.
- Yeah, pretty shitty,
By the way, I am impressed
with your usage of the word
"stealthy."
- Yeah, I've been doing
a bit of reading lately,
you know, in between beating
guys to death with baseball bats
and shooting people
in the head and whatnot,
you know, trying to be
a better me, you know?
- Yeah, I definitely see
a difference.
- Well, thanks for noticing.
- Don't mention--
- My sword is making
you all his bitch!
I'm in your ass
with no kiss!
- Is he rhyming?
Is this guy rhyming
while talking?
God, that's annoying.
This is easily the most annoying
ninja I have ever dealt with.
Well, I mean,
it's the only ninja I--
- Death is my business, bitch,
and business--
Oh, shit, my foot.
- Is this guy serious?
He's the ninja?
The [bleep] ninja tripping
over things in the dark?
- And business is good!
- Yeah, and I'm pretty sure
that's a catch phrase
from some movie or some shit.
- What you gonna do when
I lay my vengeance down on you?
- He just mixed Hulk Hogan
with Samuel Jackson
from "Pulp Fiction."
I can't take no more of this.
- You shoot me, I shoot you?
- Deal.
Sweet relief.
- It's like
I'm walking on sunshine!
- Buckle up, buddy.
It's kicking in.
- God, I wish
I had a father.
[telephone ringing]
Hello, TripTank.
- Hey, Steve, it's Coach Craig
from high school.
Have you still
been doing your push-ups, Steve?
I bet you have.
I bet you're shredded, boy.
I bet you look
like Vin Diesel.
- Yeah, I do look
- No, you don't.
You a liar.
You were a fat sack of shit
in high school,
and you're probably still
a fat sack of shit now.
I bet your body look like
ten fat bitching hugging.
- [sobbing]
It does. It does.
- Goddamn, boy.
Have some self-respect, Steve.
The best thing
you ever did was repeat a grade.
So I got an extra year
of telling you
what a fat sack of shit
you were.
- Yeah, that was
the best year of my life!
- Hey, who do I talk to
about getting one of them, uh,
"TripTank" T-shirts with
your stupid fat face on them?
- [sobbing]
Let me transfer you.
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
- You feel that?
- Feel what?
I'm Shrek.
- What?
- You just said you were Shrek.
- No, I didn't.
- Yeah, you did.
Why would you just
be standing there
and all of the sudden
say you were Shrek?
Are you Shrek?
Oh, you got to tell me
if you're Shrek!
You got to [bleep]
tell me, man!
I-I could smell a Shrek
a million miles away.
Huh? Huh? Huh?
[telephone ringing]
This is TripTank.
How can I help you?
- Hi. Yeah, this is
Deon Salisbury--no relation.
I'm the lead singer for the band
Sally Field's Hairy Pussy.
- Wow.
That's a really great band name.
- Anyway, we wrote
a theme song for you guys.
I'd like to sing it.
Here it goes.
- We can't take unsolicited--
- Two, three, four...
♪ TripTank,
eat a bag of dicks ♪
you're a piece of shit ♪
♪ TripTank ♪
- Well, it is catchy.
[reporters
shouting indistinctly]
- Settle down, everybody.
Settle down.
Everyone settle down.
Back to your seats.
As you know, gigantic insects
have taken the city under siege.
There's a pretty good chance
that we're the only ones
still alive.
Let's start
with the skyscraper-sized,
armored, intergalactic
battle spiders.
[people screaming]
Our team of scientists
have come up
with conclusive evidence
that the spiders are pretty big
and covered in eyeballs.
The trick is you got to stab
them in the red eyeball,
which is on their belly.
[reporters shouting]
- You, with the dumb hat,
uh, what's your question?
No, not you, the other one.
- Mr. Mayor, did you or
did you not cheat on your wife
with your hair stylist?
- We've been over
these allegations.
You, with the pirate getup.
- Yar, the hair stylist,
did she swab your deck?
The world needs to know.
- I had no such affair.
Now back to
the apocalyptic insects.
[people screaming]
You, with the face transplant.
- I've never slept
with a woman.
I was wondering
if you could give me some tips
in that department.
- I will only,
only answer questions
about the insect invasion.
Does anyone have any questions
about the insects?
Are you guys serious
right now?
You, sir, the one
in the baby getup, please.
- Yes, uh, thank you,
Mr. Mayor.
[vomits]
I'm sorry.
That just happens sometimes.
- It's--W-we know
about your condition.
- Thank you, thank you.
I'll continue.
If you were a giant centipede,
would you have
crazy, hot centipede sex--
- Pretty sure I'd be destroying
the building we're in right now
because that's what
the centipedes are doing!
Get down, everybody!
They're coming in!
Now, don't you see?
We're all dead men
if we don't work together.
You, in the lobster suit.
- Thank you.
Earlier this morning, my wife
and my, uh--my two children
were eaten by the bigger slugs.
- You didn't pour
any salt on them?
- No, I--
- Yeah, when you pour salt
on a slug, it just dies.
- Oh, my God.
I have so much salt,
and they're so big,
and they move so slow.
I could've--
I just need to push past that.
- Sorry to hear about your loss.
What's your question, bud?
- My wife,
who was dying in my arms,
her last words
to me were...
- I can't believe the mayor
cheated on his wife.
- And then she died
for, like, a second,
and then she came back,
and then she said the words...
- "Hair stylist."
- And then she died again.
Then she came back
one last time.
Then she straight up died.
- There's not one question
in that whole paragraph.
You just had--
- You didn't let me finish.
My question is,
"Did you have that affair?"
- Oh, thank God.
[people screaming]
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
- American reliance
on Hispanic labor
has reached an all-time high.
In order to deal
with the overflow
of emergency calls,
911 has opted to create
another, cheaper
emergency calling service--
811, or Mexican 911.
- Oh, my God, as if anyone's
ever gonna use that.
Ugh.
[grunting]
Ow, my leg!
Somebody help!
God!
Okay, wai--
[phone beeping]
[line trilling]
- Hello, this is 911.
- Uh, hi. I had an accident.
- Due to an overflow of calls,
we're going to have
to put you on hold.
- What?
- Your current wait time
is only...
- 2 hours and 59 minutes.
- Are you kidding me?
What am I going to do?
Oh, shit.
Am I doing this?
[line trilling]
- Okay.
- Hola.
- Hello? I had an accident,
and I need help.
- ¿Usted necesita ayuda?
- Uh, ¿sí?
I hurt my leg.
- Estamos enviando un equipo
de la respuesta de emergencia
a su casa.
- Um...
- ¿Usted necesita
todo lo demás?
- No?
- Bueno, gracias, señor.
[knocking at door]
- Hey, I'm in here!
I-I broke my leg.
I need help.
[spurs jingling,
footsteps approaching]
- [trilling tongue]
[upbeat traditional
Mexican music]
- Wait, wait.
This--I--
I'm in pain.
Can you help me, please?
Are we gonna get
to the leg?
Are you guys gonna get
♪ ♪
What the--
[bell dings]
Whoa.
♪ ♪
Wait, wait, wait.
Where are you going?
No, no, no.
No, please!
Jesus, that was worthless,
but so affordable.
Thank you, Mexican 911.
- Try Mexican 911 today.
Arriba!
[fly buzzing]
- Ah, yeah,
who's good at his job?
This guy.
[telephone ringing]
- Hello, TripTank.
- God damn you, TripTank!
Your show is making
my hemorrhoids flame up
like a freakin' Roman candle!
- Well, you called
the right place.
Don't worry.
Just let me find the extension.
- Oh, the pain
in my butthole.
- Let me transfer you.
Whoa, Roy.
Have you always had tattoos
on one of your heads?
- Yeah, man.
Roy's got to be true
to his roots.
Tear your face off.
- Okay.
[screaming]
- Nice.
Now I'll do mine.
[shouting creepily]
- Oh, it's all eyes!
Everything is eyes!
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
[sirens wailing]
- Well, well, well,
if it isn't the infamous
1,000-pound pimp,
Iceberg Huge.
[flatulence]
- Yo. What up, Skinny D?
- How'd you get
so fat, pimp?
- [scoffs]
You know, it runs in my family.
I take after my dad--
famous jazz singer
Eats Domino's.
So, Skinny, what you want?
- I got a proposition.
Seeing as you got money
and I got mad kilos,
let's do business together.
- Uh...yo, I could get down
with that.
[siren wailing]
- We know you're in there,
Iceberg Huge.
- Oh, shit!
The police.
- Come on out now
and nobody gets hurt.
- Hell, no, bitch.
You got to come up here
and get me.
Man, I can barely move
my arms.
- If you say so.
Let's go, boys.
- What you doing, man?
We'll all get busted.
- Hell, no.
I got a plan, B.
Hos.
Which one of you hos
gonna give me what I want?
- We gave you
your money, pimp.
- I don't want no money.
I want 13 bags
of White Castle hamburgers
with extra cheese, baby, baby.
all:
On it, pimp.
- Oh! Ah!
- [scarfing]
Now everybody get on the bed.
- Freeze, pimp!
- Hey, yo, bitch.
Hand me that half-eaten
big nut bar, ho.
Ah.
[creaking]
Baby, baby.
all: Aah!
- Shit, that hurt.
- That was
some quick thinking, pimp.
- Now sit back and relax.
[engine turning over]
We gonna be late, baby, baby.
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, my gosh.
What was that?
Wow.
I think my fever broke.
- Hey, BFB.
How you feeling?
- I'm actually feeling better.
- That's great, man.
Perfect timing.
I just got the phones
working again.
- What do you mean?
- The phones, man.
They've been down all day.
- What?
No, they haven't.
I've been answering
the phones all day.
- Oh, shoot. That's just
the hallucinations, man.
Fever dreams--you've been riding
the purple dragon.
- Really?
- Yeah.
And I got a little secret
for you.
You still are.
[shouting creepily]
- TripTank.
- Though your methods
are a bit unorthodox,
you did manage to dispatch
Franky Fingerstink
and his entire crew.
Well done.
- I used
your ancient teachings
to [bleep] 'em in the ass!
- Okay.